Hello there, ladies and gentlemen. You
might remember a little game released
back in 2022 by a solo developer called
Vampire Survivors.
Yes, this game spawned an entire genre
of rogike survivor spin-offs that are
still popular to this day. It sold tens
of millions of copies and has been a
beloved game of people all over the
world. So, when the development team
announces a brand new game and
challenges people on Twitter to break
it, I listen and I accept this
challenge. After all, I am the spiffing
Brit, breaker of games, juke of Sealand,
and certified member of the Muff Divers.
So, let's load up the game and see if it
is perfectly balanced with no exploits,
or if per chance I find a way to become
an infinitely powerful, unstoppable god.
Imagine the simple loop of Vampire
Survivors where you fight enemies and
level up to unlock new weapons, but
instead you're fighting with a deck of
cards and leveling up adds new cards to
your deck. We're going to be saying deck
quite a lot this video. Thank goodness
I'm not Australian.
>> If you're like me, you find it very hard
to keep your dick dry.
>> It's a truly wonderful game, but how can
we break it? Let's dive into a run and
find out. But before that, a silly
little bug I found. When you're in the
lobby village of the game and you can
access, say, the pub to change who
you're crawling with, the compass at the
top of the screen tells you what you're
looking at. But if you spin around too
quickly, eventually the compass at the
top of the screen becomes destabilized
from reality and it goes out of sync.
For example, it's telling me that this
building in front of me are the gates
that I open to enter the world map and
that the gate is actually where the
options are. Right, so that aside, I do
need to pick a crawler. This is the
character we're going to be going
through the dungeons with and using to
fight enemies. Some of them are very
simple and not particularly overpowered,
like Antonio, who's perfectly mediocre.
Emldda, however, is a very perfectly
balanced character with absolutely no
flaws whatsoever. She's a wizard who has
a starting deck that consists of two
magic spells, some armor, and the
ability to draw some extra cards. Now,
in order to pull off one of our
exploits, there's only one thing you
need to do before leaving, and that is
to buy at least the basic first armor
upgrade here. But other than that,
you're not going to need anything more.
So, onto the world map we go. Now, this
is just a demo game, so as a result,
there's not exactly an infinite amount
of content. However, what is here is
very fun. We're on the first floor of
five in a weird haunted library. The
mini map for our area is displayed here
in the bottom right, and the various
skulls you see dotted around are
enemies. Over here at the end is a final
boss who if we defeat will give us the
ability to descend deeper and deeper
into harder levels of this maze. There's
also various things you can discover as
you run around the map. Like for
example, by breaking this chest here, I
found a spinach which if I eat gives me
some extra damage and a little clover
that will give me more luck. How
wonderful. All right, so we should
probably throw ourselves into our first
encounter of combat. Here we go, ladies
and gentlemen. The music kicks on in and
the enemies start a grooving. At the top
of the screen, we can see what they're
going to do. Some of them are going to
gain armor, and they'll collectively be
dishing free damage out at us. I can
lower this a little bit by throwing out
a magic wand to kill one of the enemies,
and then I can gain some armor to block
the rest of the damage. But for the
moment, we'll just end our turn. The
enemies then do their stuff, and we move
on to the next round. This round, three
of them will be attacking me, and one of
them will be gaining block. However, you
might remember that before this run
started, I bought myself some armor
perks. That mean every single round of
combat I begin with four armor. This is
very critical because this technically
means that these enemies here can't
actually ever do damage to me. This
allows me to destroy all fundamental
balance in the game by engaging in
farming. And we can farm fantastically
with a meldder here. A meldder is very
special because as a crawler, if you
play her unique card, she gives you some
experience and then has an ability that
lasts for seven activations. This
ability, quite simply, is that whenever
you play a yellow card, you gain a plus
5% experience growth modifier. Meaning,
every bit of experience you get is 5%
more valuable, allowing you to level up
a lot faster. So, with all of that done,
I'm just going to end my turn. And of
course, because I have enough block, the
enemies can't do damage to me. So,
another turn comes around and I've drawn
a new set of free cards. Uh, but I don't
need to play them. I can just simply end
my turn and wait until I inevitably draw
my attract orb that allows me to draw
more cards. So, I play that and gain
some more XP growth modifier. Once
again, end turn. And just repeat this
over and over again until we draw the
attract orb. Each time the enemies will
just hit me over and over again, but
none of it matters. From a fundamental
perspective, I have become an immovable
object in front of them, and they are
simply wasting their life banging their
head against a wall. So, there we go.
After the seventh activation, our
crawler is then used up, and they enter
into our discard pile. However, this
means we can just simply draw her again.
And because of her unique ability, every
time we draw her, we actually get some
experience. So, we draw her and level
up. I'm going to grab this little candle
because it's a yellow card and will
consequently add more experience. So,
once again, we just repeat this cycle
more and more, discarding and drawing
new cards over and over again. All
whilst these poor pitiful enemies can't
do anything. Yes, it's perfect. So, we
get to level ourselves up yet again. And
I'm going to grab another attract orb.
And I'll even kill one of the enemies
just because I might as well. Splendid.
Now, this is relatively minor but
fundamentally silly oversight in the
game's design. And I absolutely love it
because by grinding levels, I'm able to
find cards that just inevitably make me
more powerful. Like this hollow heart
here that I will play once and it gets
destroyed and it will give me some
additional maximum health. It's a great
card to draw because it doesn't bloat my
deck too much. And deck bloat is
something that you most definitely
should be watching out for. Speak to
your doctor if your deck remains bloated
for an extended period of time.
>> If you're like me.
>> So, here we go. With this attractor all
played, we're now at 200% additional
experience earned. This is very good.
So, the next time we play our crawler
card, we're going to be getting 36
experience, which is of course going to
level us up. You know, let's grab
another light to just for the mana. It's
good. So, even though we're technically
still just on the first tutorial basic
fight of the game, we're able to
permanently boost our stats over and
over again. I mean, we're up to level
seven. If you were to play this game
normally, it's entirely possible you can
finish the entire floor before you hit
level seven. And we've managed to
achieve it in the first fight of the
game. And I'm not even going to stop
because why would I? After all, I'm the
spiffing Brit. And if I don't continue
to push a game to its limits, what's the
point of even trying? And I think I'm
going to continue this process until I
achieve level 10.
Right. And so I think the next time that
we play our crawler card, we should have
enough experience. Yep. It's going to be
62 to level ourselves up to level 10.
How fantastic. With this, we can even
grab the spellbinder card that increases
the time our crawler stays out and
active. Right, so now that we've
achieved level 10, I think it's best we
stop playing with our food for a bit and
we evaporate the remaining enemies. So,
the reason the developers have issued
this challenge is because that they're
trying to capitalize on the Steam
NextFest, which is an event where
hundreds of upcoming games release demos
to test and show off what they have to
offer. It's great. I've played a bunch
of amazing games like this one here and
some other weird games like a Jeff Bezos
simulator. Oh god, the flashback. STOP
IT, JEFF. NO.
SO, our first fight complete. We're
already level 10. And you know, it's
only fair that we fight these next
chappies to see what they've got to
offer. So, magic wand one of them. Draw
some cards, use a candle, play a light
tome, get some mana, and there we go. No
damage taken. So, now that there is once
again just two enemies remaining, I
think this time we're actually going to
murder them, but not before we level up
just one more time. All right, wab bam.
We'll play a meldder and get 68
experience and wab bam. Here we go.
Level 11 achieved. All right, so as
we're at the next level, we're just
going to um kill the final enemy. Job
done. Splendid stuff. We're up to 470%
experience gain. Oh my goodness, there's
a loot goblin there. Okay. Uh this
encounter is going to be very silly. The
way this gentleman works is we throw our
entire deck of cards at him and generate
experience each time. And seeing as we
can farm this gentleman to power level,
I'm going to come back for you, sir. But
now, let's go over here and fight this
third stack of enemies. So, once again,
I'm just going to farm our lovely
character over and over again to try and
increase our XP generation a bit. What's
this? Draw a card. Rare. Ooh, weighty
tome though is very nice. There we go.
We got ourselves a nice rarer item. This
weighty tome. Uh, the main reason we
want it is because we can slot various
upgrades into it. So, it will be quite
powerful indeed. So, now we're up to
610% experience generation. And I will
cast a meldder again, generating 86
experience, taking us up to level 12.
Fortunately, none of these are
particularly good. We'll have to grab
the king bible cuz it's relatively
cheap. And I suppose we might as well
use it to kill the final enemy. Job
done. Combat managed. Right now, we're
going to break this lovely candalabra to
get Ooh, a big coin bag. Nice. And
behind this wall, oh, it's a big
evolutiony thing. Now, this lovely
shrine, we can evolve some of our
equipment and make it even more
powerful, but for the moment, we
definitely don't need to do that. We're
going to go farm that goblin for
experience. So, let's mash away and get
all of the lovely gems. Huzzah! Power
level time. With this, I can get this
nice bit of armor. A simple knife, I
guess. And there we go. We gain two
levels for free. Okay, so I've been away
doing a bit of farming on this one enemy
and finally we've found the item that
I've been looking for. The bracer,
ladies and gentlemen. The bracer is
quite frankly ridiculous. It allows you
to increase your hand size by one.
Currently, every single turn we draw
three cards. However, if I play this and
end my turn, you'll notice there are now
four cards in my hand. The problem is I
can then play it again and end my turn.
And now, oh, there's five. How curious.
And lo and behold, here it is again. How
interesting. So, if I play a light tome,
it actually gets buffed by the
multiplier effect of this game, which I
should explain cuz it's actually the
most interesting part of it. Basically,
if you play a zero mana cost card and
then follow it up with a one mana cost
card, the effects of that card are
increased. This encourages you to chain
an attack that is basically counting by
numbers from 0 to three. So, because my
bracer costs two mana and I just played
a lighttome, I now increase my drawing
hand size to seven. So, when I end my
turn, would you look at all of this
nonsense? This allows me to do quite a
ridiculous cycle whereby I can basically
draw nearly my entire deck in a single
turn. But we can make it even better by
casting this bracer with the power of
three. I now draw 10 cards. This is most
interesting indeed because my deck only
has 16 cards. So you can probably see
where this is going. Okay, this is where
nonsense begins. I can play a meldder
into the attractor playing the bracer
increasing my hand size to 13. And we
are very rapidly approaching a point of
madness because now I draw every single
card in my deck bar two. So I can play
the attract orb to draw those last two
cards and play the bracer. There we go.
Now to end my turn. So now my maximum
hand size is 16. And this means that the
game is well and truly screwed because
what I can do now is go truly infinite.
I can play this light tome here that
cost me one mana to play and generates
two mana as well as giving me free
armor. So I'll do that. The problem is
it's now in my discard pile. However, if
I cast a track orb, that card will be
returned to my hand, allowing me to play
it again, gaining some mana. These
cycles can be repeated over and over
again, allowing me to draw an
exceedingly silly quantity of cards. And
this means that in a single turn, I've
managed to achieve 17 mana, draw my
entire deck of cards, increase my hand
size to 17, and then I can throw out all
of that nonsense, and the fight's over.
It's great. All right, now on to this
enemy. Of course, not everything
persists between our fights. All of the
temporary stats of might we gained are
stripped away by the game, which makes
sense. It is trying to balance itself
after all. But the problem is the game
can't keep up with me. And there we go.
Final enemy defeated. Oh, I accidentally
walked into the final boss fight. I was
mean to do the one other remaining
fight. But oh well, this is fine. And
unfortunately for our opening hand, we
don't actually have any cards we can
play, but that's okay. It's all going to
get better now. I can play this bracer.
And now our hand is increased in size
and the spiral will begin. Armor into
light tome into candle into magic wand
into more armor. We can play Meldder
again. Why not? Bam. We can then even
deal a bunch of damage to some of the
enemies. Get some lovely experience and
continue this cycle of endlessly
defending over and over again. I will
draw up my deck a little bit more. Deal
some damage. Draw some more cards. Gain
some mana. Gain some maximum hand size.
And throw out more nonsense. Lovely.
This fight is getting very, very easy
indeed. We're going to be maximizing our
hand size, but the final boss is here.
It's a larger version of the other
enemies we've already been fighting. So,
yep, not exactly too crazy, but it does
have a huge amount of health and is able
to gain 90 armor in a single turn.
Unfortunately for our enemy, we're able
to draw over and over again to max out
our hand size. And now I can start
playing my own personal buffs like this
light tome to increase my damage by 10%.
And I can keep stacking on armor and
then throw more and more attacks at this
enemy. We go. He's now going to attack
for six. Ooh, how scary. Oh, and I've
just blocked it all. Okay, well, maybe
he'll get a chance to play the game
eventually. Until that point,
unfortunately for our lovely boss friend
here, I cannot be countered. And I have
near infinite mana to do whatever I want
with. So, let's throw in a knife, draw
some more cards, and continue this cycle
with more attacks. Lovely. Okay, we're
now the draw everything stage of my
gameplay. We've nearly achieved a 1,000%
XP generation, which is a great sign.
And go just draw some more cards, play
some more cards, gain some more mana
over and over again. And then let's
throw in our attacks. And there we go.
The main boss was defeated. Oh, perfect.
And now we have an upgrade that I quite
like the look of this, the mount gem.
Yes, we can attach it to one of our
items so that now whenever we play it,
we increase our imount statistic, which
basically increases the amount of
projectiles that get fired out of our
attacks. So, we'll whack it onto this
weighty tome. Oh, we level up again.
Fantastic. Double damage. Throw that on
a magic wand. Why not have fun? And
perfect. Level 21. All right. And at
this lovely chest, I'm going to simply
evolve my axe into death spiral. There
we go. That seems quite fun. Now, in the
next floor, all of the enemies are going
to get significantly more powerful. So,
yes, into this next fight we go. You'll
notice we're now dealing with not just
the mudmen, but also these floaty green
balls. How very scary indeed. Well,
we'll gain ourselves some armor and
mana, increase our hand size, and then
push the enemies back a little bit. All
right, now time for a big turn. Knife
into drawing into generating mana out of
thin air. Then we can cast Hm death
spiral. Why not? Good fun. Yes, even
though those enemies are technically a
higher level, it doesn't always feel
like that. And that's because they've
all died. Let's go into this fight here.
Ooh, great. I get to play a track orb
into the weighty tome, giving me plus
one amount. And then on my next turn, I
can play some armor as well as a few
attacks, letting me get up to level 22.
Oh, and look, the game has given me a
return gem. This is a very powerful one.
Basically, it returns to your hand after
playing it. So, why not? We'll whack it
onto this weighty tome. And there we go.
1,000 experience modifier achieved. All
right, let's finish off this guy by
hurling a book at him. Splendid. Oh my
goodness. It's another little loot
goblin. Right, come on. Give me your
gems. Come on. Go on. Take my cards.
Give me your gems. What do we got? H
We'll grab another light toe. Why not?
Hollow heart. Thank you. Oh, there's a
lovely weapon here. Uh, this is Pichon.
Uh, Pichon is quite possibly the most
broken weapon in the game. They do cost
free mana to play, but um, they are more
than worth it. Right, let's go find some
ghosts. All right, we will stack up our
lovely weighty tome. Activate our
bracer. And this is the first time in
the entire game we're actually going to
take damage. Yes, they're going to do
six damage to me. I unfortunately only
have four armor, so we will take a
little bit of a beating, but this is not
going to be the norm. There we go. We
survived that round of combat. gain some
armor, draw some cards, play some more
of this nonsense, and blow something up
with a magic wand. All right, now the
enemies are attacking for 10, but
thankfully, as I'm able to buff my
attacks with might and area damage, my
weapons are getting slightly more
powerful, and so we're able to blow them
up. When it comes to actually looking
for items, we're generally wanting to
try and grab as many of these hollow
hearts as possible. They are very
powerful things indeed. I'm fantastic,
and I've increased my maximum hand size
to seven. So, this is where the game is
now over. We do knife into a track orb
into spam out my weighty tome of
infinite mana and then I can send out
this lovely pichone here to do um 2750
damage. I can't really answer how a
flying little happy pigeon is able to
evaporate all those ghosts, but it just
is. Let's crack open this chest and see
what we get. Hit twice as hard. We can
have this on the peach because it
multiplies very nicely. And let's go
grind up our stats on this lower level
enemy here. So, what we're about to do
is probably going to be the longest
fight in the game. My goal here is
pretty simple. Max out and do as much
damage as possible. Oh, it said it
wasn't going to kill them and then it
did. I've try and farm these enemies,
but sometimes you just accidentally hit
them too hard. This time, don't die.
Perfect.
All right. So, I've achieved critical
mass where basically, yes, I draw my
entire deck in a single turn, spam out a
near infinite amount of mana, draw the
rest of the cards in my deck, and
endlessly increase my total amount of
experience generated. And as I continue
to grow in power, the game has actually
started to notice this. Yes, by playing
this armor card here, you'll notice it's
got a slightly strange cracked frame
around it. This is because I'm starting
to play the card too many times in one
turn. If you start playing the same
cards over and over again too much, the
game starts to realize that you might
have broken something. And if that's the
case, they start notifying death. So
yes, we need to be very careful to make
sure we don't do that five times.
Otherwise, the game is going to kill us.
Any we've hit level 30, so let's grab
this ancient tome that has free slots.
And I guess we send in the Pichon now.
And Mr. Pichon, uh, this one here will
do 22,000 damage. How about this one
here? Ah, yes. 44,000 damage. Mr.
Pichon, you only need 80 to kill them,
but go my lovely pigeons. Yes, you're
fantastic. Oh dear. Right, let's go do a
boss fight. There's one boss over here
just hanging around. It's a bunch of
bats, so it should be fine. All right,
we do light tome into weighty tome into
weighty tome again. And now my magic
wand does more damage. Well, actually
for a peachone early this game, even
though it hasn't really got time to
generate power, peaches are overpowered
because they just continuously do damage
for every round after that. We're just
going to have a swarm of birds
bombarding the battlefield. Yep. Look at
this. They just keep flapping around.
They're having a grand old time. Oh, we
can start to see the mini boss in the
background there. It's that funky
looking bat. Now, let's gain some mana
here. Use the braces to increase our
hand size. And basically, all we have to
do is wait until the bracer starts to
arrive. And then, as soon as it does,
that's when the game's going to start
breaking. Right here is our lovely boss.
We can throw out our lightome. And I
guess we can send out the pigeons to do
a thousand damage. Why not? Go on,
Pidgeys. Oh, and what about more
pigeons? Splendid boss is going to do
four damage to us which of course we're
just going to um never face because they
just got blown up by a pigeon. Great,
right? Ancient tome have um pigeon
generator I guess. Oh, another ancient
tote. Oh, why not? We'll just grab them.
All right, we got three more fights on
this floor. This is probably going to be
the easiest one. And I don't
particularly intend to farm it. I mean,
just look at this weighty tote. Every
time we cast it, we get one extra
amount, which is basically just
massively increasing the amount of
damage a pigeon does. I don't know how,
but I'm not going to question the logic
of the game. Time for us to move on to
the boss. Hello there, green orbs. So,
somewhere at the back there is probably
going to be a spicy enemy of some
variety, but we don't particularly need
to worry about that this turn. Instead,
we're actually going to sit here and
allow the enemies at the front to attack
us. This is because the further back we
go at clearing these enemies, the
stronger they get. So, there's genuinely
no reason to fight them. I can just wait
until I eventually get round to my
lovely braces. So, yes, we're now at the
point where our hand size is nine. every
single round, which is good. But we can,
of course, farm a near infinite amount
of mana over and over again and start
drawing out even more cards. Here we go.
Yes, the game is starting to get a
little bit grumpy that I keep playing
the same things over and over again, but
it can't stop me. Armor into spinach
into bracer into candle into a tractor
orb into magic wand. No. No, that would
be silly. Knife. Right, we'll clear the
first row of enemies and invite the
second up. We are rapidly reaching the
point where we are unstoppable. So
suppose we could send out the pigeons.
But no, no, I want more amount. Why not?
I desire to truly break this game. And
so I'm just going to continue playing my
entire hand until I get even more
powerful. All right, after that round,
our amount stat isn't up to 12. See if I
can boost it even more. There we go. We
get plus one amount there. And another
one. There we go. Up to 14 amount. We'll
add 16 mana. Okay, how much mana do we
have? We have 33 mana. I don't think
that's normal. I really don't think
that's normal game. Are you sure about
that? Are you sure you want to allow me
to do this game? You not slightly
disturbed by this situation. Are you not
going to like fight back in any
meaningful way? And um I think we send
in Pichon now to do 27,000 bird damage.
Oh, there's the boss. You saw them for a
second, but they died instantly. Right.
So, with that completed, we now go down
to the third level of the game. This
time, enemies are stronger. Say goodbye
to the sludge mud people, for we now
have ourselves greater threats of of
greater power and greater damage.
However, thanks to the joys of farming
and cheesing the game, these new
powerful enemies won't stop me. And so,
I'll see you back after I've devastated
my way across this floor. Right. Okay.
I've been away power farming my
character over and over again until
we've now hit level 44, but most
importantly have an XP generation
modifier of well over 2,000%. Yep. I've
been grinding this singular fight for a
very long period of time. At the start
of my turn, I draw technically 98 cards,
which is um a lot more than my entire
deck can even manage. I can play my
crawler for over 200 XP, and my attacks
do nearly 1,000% extra damage. What this
ultimately culminates in is something
very absurd. This peachone here that can
attack for 800,000 damage. So, away you
go, my lovely pigeon beauties. There we
go. That's that fight complete. And oh
my goodness, it's an XP goblin. Well,
luckily for me, I've been generating my
XP boosting stats. So, yes, this poor
gentleman is going to die quite rapidly.
Draws a card. Yes. Oh, this is perfect.
Bam. Whack it on you. And we level up
again. Um, sure. Let's boost an amount.
Pop it on you. Bam. Splendid. We are now
level 50. I guess let's try and do this
particular fight normally. Um, and see
how effective it is. All right. Bam.
We'll do all of this stuff. Get some
extra luck. Draw some cards. Throw a
knife and death spiral. There we go.
They're all dead. All right. So, we got
four more fights remaining on this
level. And we'll do our normal opening
of smashing out a near infinite amount
of mana and then double botoing it up a
bit. Immediate victory. Can I put
another double damage on an existing
pichon? Screw it. Why not? Quadruple
damage. Oh yes, infinite bird power. I
can't wait for this game to fully
release cuz eventually you can unlock a
blacksmith, which allows you to buy more
gem slots onto your existing cards,
which potentially means that the sky is
the limit with Pichon power. I took two
damage in the opening turn. Oh my
goodness. How terrible. Devastated.
Truly devastated. Uh but luckily for me,
I can just peon. It's the quadruple
peachone mega strike. Yes, you glorious
Berto. I will finish off this gentleman.
Draw a card. Draw a card. Gain more
cards. End my turn. Some damage is
taken. My goodness. All right, time to
do a classic attack. We stack into more
mana into magic wand into spinach into
pichone finisher. Yeah, this bird just
carries the game. Want another wand? Oh,
why not? Why not treat yourself, they
say? So, there's just a single fight
remaining on this floor, so we might as
well deal with it. First, get some extra
mana and some amount. Get some extra
armor, and then shoot some of these
attackers. We take one damage. Ouch. Oh
my goodness. We get to attract Orbin to
draw four cards. Oh, this is a good one.
And then we're going to want to increase
hand size by five. Oh, this boss fight
is over. This boss fight is over. Thank
you very much. Look at my hand. Now, the
fun begins. Gain some amount and mana
and return ancient tome into more might.
And now we can draw out the deck. Ah,
there's the pichone. Right. Throw in the
little clover and pichone. Away you go.
Is that the boss fight? We didn't even
see the boss. God, this silly bird.
Silly bird is too powerful. Okay, we're
just going to keep leveling up. Another
pichone. Another pichone. They said you
couldn't put four pichones in your deck,
but um they were wrong. There's no
limit. Do you want to evolve one of my
wands? Ah, might as well. There you go.
Get evolved. Holy one now. And down we
go to the fourth level of the game. So
yes, even on this floor, the enemies do
get even more powerful. But this is all
meaningless when compared to me, the
most powerful being in the universe. So
yes, I can simply decimate all of them
in just one turn of the game with the
power of my spicy pigeons. For example,
here's the final boss of this entire
floor. Meant to be the most difficult
fight we've had yet. Once again, the
early enemies of this fight aren't
anything too scary. So, we use this
opportunity to buff all of our stats by
increasing our maximum hand size and our
might. And provided we have enough
armor, we can just quite simply pass the
turn. So, now we're able to draw 15
cards per turn. We're in a very, very
comfortable position indeed where we can
just buff absolutely everything, pull
out all of our nonsense cards, get our
armor up to something like 42, and I do
believe that uh we should be able to
probably kill the boss. So, let's send
out this peachone that does spicy
damage. Go. Maybe we'll see the boss for
a frame. Nope. Right, with one level
remaining, we're going to do the classic
360 reverse into the uh shovel. A pro
gamer move. And now, here we are in the
final level of the game. Yes, this is
truly where we're going to start facing
some grander threats in the game. Most
of the enemies we're now fighting are
upgraded versions of things we've
previously seen. Of course, it's nothing
that having more pigeons won't solve.
These pigeons are great. They're so
good. Can I make another spicy pigeon?
Fine, why not? I mean, that's kind of an
improvement. All right, I actually think
that I'm now ready to take on the final
boss of the game. And by final boss of
the game, there's kind of two final
bosses. As you might know, if you've
ever played a Vampire Survivors Light
game yourself, uh these enemies we're
facing here aren't actually the real end
game. No, instead after this encounter,
we're going to be attacked by
effectively deaf, and deaf is going to
do 100 damage to us. There is a chance,
however, that we will be able to survive
this. So, in order to make this happen,
we basically need to make sure that we
maximize all of our stats as early as
possible. That means maxing out our draw
power. We can do this relatively safely
because the enemies are only attacking
us for somewhere between 9 and 11
damage, which is an amount that we're
more than easily able to deal with. But
also, we want to make sure to play these
mighty tomes to max out our amount stat.
This amount stat just simply increases
everything to more importantly the
amount of pigeons that we can pull out
of thin air. All right, so up to doing
200% extra damage and with an extra 20
amount of everything. Our hand draw size
is 44, which is still somehow behind
what we actually need to be able to draw
our full deck. The only problem with
drawing our entire deck is that I can no
longer decipher it. It has become
complete and utter nonsense. But if I
play these last few braces, we should
now be able to successfully draw
absolutely everything we have to offer.
All right, there we go. Another good
round. Uh, we had well over 100 armor
there, though. Oh my goodness. This
string of cards is just utter nonsense.
Okay, we are pulling close now to the
maximum amount of amount. We're getting
there. We're getting very close. I'll
boost up splash damage. So, attacks do
an extra 45% splash damage. Why not?
Okay. Right. My hand. It's here.
Oh, this feels insane. Okay. Yep. In a
single turn, we can now get up to 149
damage. Very good indeed. I think we are
probably at the point now where we can
deal with death. So, what we're going to
do is make our way smoothly through all
of these enemies. The way in which we of
course have to do this is by stacking as
many modifiers on our attacks as
possible. So, we're going to want to go
spellbinder into say a light tome to
generate more mana. Then into this tome
that generates extra mana. Finally, we
need to find a level three thing to cast
like this lovely ancient tome of mega
drawing. So, we'll cast that. And we
want to find something that's cheap to
cast. Come back, Mr. Armor. Come on.
You're free. There we go. So, we cast
the armor into the attract orb to draw.
Then another armor into another attract
orb. There we go. This lets me draw back
out my deck. Also allowing me to draw
out another attract orb that lets me
draw. Play that. There we go. Fantastic.
We are synergizing up a storm. Although
the game is getting progressively
angrier and angrier that I am illegally
playing horrifically overpowered cards
over and over again. Right, let's buff
up some of our armor. We can get 32
armor from that. Then we can play a
little clover to get even more luck and
find my best piece of armor. Yep, the
hero's armor for 48 armor on top of
that. Splendid stuff. We should now be
functionally immune from death. I
suppose we could go even higher. Let's
get another little clover and throw it
onto this hero's armor, giving us
another 64 armor. Now, I'll just chain
some of these uh books together. So, now
that we have ourselves 218 armor, we're
going to do one last big chain, which
involves us playing a zero cost card
into a one cost card like this spinach.
Then into a twocost card like this
rainbow armor. And finally, we need to
find the pichon. Yes, this lovely being
here. This pichone that will do 1.1
million bird damage. Go, my lovely. Deal
with every single enemy that exists.
Shred them to pieces. Defeat them. And
then allow us to harvest the power.
We're not even at the end, right? I'll
reverse down. Oh, here comes Deaf. No,
Deaf, you prickly bugger. Okay, I I
messed up there. I thought Deaf was
going to arrive after I defeated the
final boss. Turns out no, he hits you as
you try and descend to the next floor.
And because he deals an attack of 100
damage, if I had just five more maximum
health, we would have been able to kill
death. However, if you were to get your
timings actually correct and you didn't
blunder like me, actually, wait, no, we
can't say it's a blunder. I'm a
YouTuber. I have a reputation to
maintain. Actually, what I was doing,
ladies and gentlemen, is demonstrating
what not to do. Yes, now you should have
all learned from my mistake. Sorry, my
explanation of the bad thing. So, there
we have it. If you've enjoyed watching
today's video, then make sure to give it
a like. And why not hop on down to the
comment section and tell me what game
from the next fest you've been playing.
And to the developers, I want you to
know that I genuinely absolutely love
the game. It's a really unique spin on
the rogike genre. Keep up the great work
and I can't wait for the full release.
Anyway, as always, a massive thank you
to all of our lovely channel members,
patronons, merchandise buyers, whoever
you are. You are fantastic for your
support my nonsensical job. If you're
looking for another video to watch, look
no further than this one on screen now.
And I'll see each and every one of you
in the next one. Goodbye for now.